Mommy
Dad, why are you here? I don't need to worry about him.
You said a little friend had an accident
Is that him? Mommy, what's the matter?
I'm fine, I'm just looking at him
A little familiar
I seem to have seen it somewhere
What's your name, kid?
My name is Li Zhaodi
It's this age
Why would anyone give their child such a name?
Auntie, thank you for taking me to the hospital
But it's a lot of money to be hospitalized.
I think I'd better get out of the hospital quickly
Hey, it's alright.
Body matter
By the way, how did you get sick?
The doctor said he had low blood sugar and wasn't getting enough to eat
How can I not get enough to eat?
How about this?
We'll take you to eat something delicious, okay?
Great!
come
You are also a little fool
I didn't find it when I ate it on my face
To help you wipe
Auntie, if only you were my mommy
What happened to the wound on your hand, young brother?